yaya the initiators is tania
how are you me it's going great so
today guys all new
video so a small company have an axis
long enough but I told myself that
there with the asnl for our purposes the new
arrival so the dlc I do not know the name
at all but good bah that has been confirmed
by rockstar is so besides who is
released yesterday the 24th of December so I'm
am told why do not you make a
little video on it explaining to you
a little bit the peculiarities of the trick
so he came out on December 24
so he will understand the city from jt to 5
snowy so frankly something
huge guys you can see there
certainly seen the video
so I thank dylan for filming the
sequence because I could not do it
so will go santa claus costumes
end here is really a world between
quotes low for Santa Claus for
Christmas spirit
she really is true so really
it's rather nice, do not be angry
tell me what you think so he
and it's free so you have to
let go download it so everything
simply on the blinds of
different consoles that's it really
cool
well in short a lot if I had a
second thing so I think one of
things that may interest you
more water than it's dylan simon did
part I would put his channel in the
description of the gaal is checked if you
do we want to say we're going to say wanted
further explanations if you
did not understand well I would put you
his video and his channel in the
description go see her then everything
simply that you will be able to have
I will certainly there a photo
end i would put you two screen all
just money from the xp we're going
to say infinitely facets
would not say infinite but here you are
will easily take 5.6 level of a
single shot just by pointing a store
I do not know you're going to take
millions of euros just by pointing
shops end that's really a trick
of whew it allows you to really have
money from the rp xp is going all that
you do not want to read unlimited so
it's very simple simply
that in your connection settings on
your forgiveness on your playstation you
go modify so that the paras beasts
we actually have it right at
change the dn so is you put by
example I will put you in the
description the dns that must be typed
but for example you type in dns
primary 162 243 2 112 96 go see the
description the guys that will be noted and in
secondary dns 000
then you can go back on the game
so you go to gt online
then you join a session on
invitation and at that moment there will be
definitely marked server is active is
at the bottom left
active mob is so really so to
mark that you just have to point
gas discussions of everything you
want there you have we will say you are
the oil king you guys are the
Santa Claus thing I mean it's
you who have all the money that is you
all the hits peace it's you it's you
four putschs thing I mean
not dead is good short it was tonio's
there we meet for a small video
you will see it ben commentary
I hope you 'll like it
it was a blank view of quotation marks
Christmas special
I thought it was okay with
so the Christmas spirit and all that brief
guys it was tonio I make you a
big kiss on the left nipple and on the
right nipple and I tell you to the
next with keith the brothers